THEPREDICTIVEINDEX®YOUR WORKFORCE SUPERCHARGED™PEOPLE ARE SUPER COMPLEXSCIENCETECHNOLOGYHIRING, SELECTION + ONBOARDINGDon’t regret your next hire! Let PI help you attract, select, hire, and onboard only the best- fitting candidates.EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT + RETENTIONIt’s a struggle to keep the best employees engaged. Learn how to play into their superpowers and create an electric culture poised for explosive growth and low turnover!TEAM DEVELOPMENTCreating teams that click is hard. Give your team insight into the best ways to communicate with each other, understand drives and needs and inspire change.DISCOVERING HI-PO’s + LEADERSNot all high-performers & aspiring leaders are easy to spot. Identify those with a natural ability to perform and realize how to help develop them into great leaders.Decode the complexities and realize what drives workplace behaviors so you can ensure alignment, reach your team’s true potential, and achieve your business objectives faster than you ever thought possible, all with The Predictive Index®.&PROBLEMS WE SOLVEThe Predictive Index uses the power of Science and Technology to deliver solutions to some of the most frequent workplace problems. SALES SLUMPSMisalignment, poor management, and job-fit gaps lurk under most sales fails. Get to the root of your problem and start heading in the right direction.It’s hard to find the right people and keep them engaged. Wouldn’t it be great if your workforce just clicked?Behavioral Science Builds a Common LanguageThe Predictive Index leverages a simple methodology that empowers you to understand the true behaviors of your workforce so they can take you where you want to go. Our unique blend of powerful scientific assessments, groundbreaking software, top-notch management training, and professional consulting from workplace behavior experts gives you the tools you need to supercharge and harness the power of your workforce.Stop the psychobabble and get down to business with Earth-shattering insights.The Predictive Index Behavioral Assessment is quick (it takes less than 6 minutes to complete) and easy to analyze. Administer assessments, review results, conduct behavioral job analysis, fit-gap analysis, and look at the collective behavioral patterns for groups or teams on any device. Achieve maximum velocity with amazing service and education.Get dedicated service, professional training, certification, and expert advice through our network of PI Certified Partners so you can apply insights FAST and create a stronger, more cohesive, and efficient workforce, ready to tackle the most complex problems and help your business dreams come  you ready to LEAD THE CHARGE?Predictive People Analytics  268 Bush Street #3940  (415) 295-5743   Our assessments come in over 70 languages including English Braille. Erfolg!SCIENCETECHNOLOGYKNOWLEDGEMAXIMUM© 2015 The Predictive Index 