Ad Revenue Optimization  for Web Publishers   Problem  Display Advertising CTRs (click through rates) have been falling[1] constantly and one of the primary reason behind it is banner blindness.  Current Players such as Ad Networks/Exchanges/SSPs help publishers  improve the CTR/RPM primarily by making the ads more relevant  (through user bucketing/targeting), improving the fill rates and finding  the highest bidder for each impression (RTB).  But they have no direct control over the last mile of the road, which is  the placement of ads on the publisher’s website.  [1] DoubleClick for Advertisers, a cross section of regions, January and December 2009, Published July 2010  Solution  Publishers can optimize their ad revenues by testing different ad  placements, ad sizes and ad types, which improves the CTR (Click  through rate) and RPM (Revenue per Thousand Impressions) for them.  Further, using constant optimization, they can easily fight the big evil  called Banner Blindness.  Why Now?  AdTech is growing. Display Advertising (display, mobile and video) is  forecasted to grow from approximately $43 billion in 2012 to $90 billion  in 2017[1].  AdTech investments have been able to do IPOs recently (Rubicon, Rocketfuel, Marin). Outbrain, RadiumOne and more to file soon.  A/B Testing is a hot market (Optimizely, VWO) and no one is using it for  Publishers, yet.  [1] Rubicon S-1 Filing ()  Product  AdPushup uses advanced A/B Testing (a proprietary multi-arm bandit  solution) to web publishers optimize ad revenues by using advanced a/b  testing between different ad placements, ad sizes, ad colors and types  (such as image vs text).  All this simply by using a simple visual editor and no programming  knowledge.  After finding the best variation, It keeps a check on banner blindness to  keep your placements optimized at all times and can help fight AdBlock.  Case Study  RPM (Revenue per thousand impressions) Optimized from $3.82 to $12.1  Milestones  May 2013 – Starts as weekend project.  Aug 2013 – PoC Testing using JS Hacks.  Jan 2014 – Founders commit full-time.  March 2014 – First private beta release. Enrollment begins.  May 2014 – We’re optimizing 10 million monthly ad impressions.   Traction  March 2014  500,000 impressions  April 2014  3 Million impressions  May 2014  10 million impressions  June 2014  32 million impressions  The Plan  To monetize using a hybrid model after hitting critical mass (1 Billion  impressions).  We can monetize by: 1) SaaS plans (fixed prices based on impressions) for Large Publishers.  2) Serving additional ad units (display/native) for the medium and long  tail.  3) Helping publisher monetize the inventory being lost to Ad Blockers  Founders  Ankit Oberoi •  Co-founded Innobuzz (2007) – InfoSec Training & Products, MNC – Empanelled with CERT-IN, DSCI & NASSCOM. Pre-Innobuzz, web solutions business.  •  Atul Agarwal • •  Co-founded Innobuzz (2007). Pre-Innobuzz, UGC websites (monetized with AdSense).  Team Size: 4 People (including founders)  Thank you for your time.      