Awesome jobs for awesome people   Tech recruiting is a 100 billion dollar  market1, growing 10% yearly.  But it’s broken.  📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄  Inefficient, shallow CV crunching  Perpetuates biases and gaps  Leaves high-potential talent behind  Recruiters spend hours chasing candidates  1Josh Bersin for Forbes, 2017  It’s broken because it is fragmented.  Sourcing   Get candidates   Tracking   Manage the process   Screening   Assess/choose best   candidates   +  +  Companies have to mix and match between dozens of   separate channels and solutions.   For professionals, finding and applying to jobs is a mess.  👩🦳🧑🧔🧑🧕👨👩🦱👩🦰🧔👱👨🦱👨  🧑🦲👩🧑🦱🧑🦳🧔🧑🦰👨🦰👳👱🧑🦱🧔👩🦱  Imagine if tech recruiting evaluated actual skills  instead of resumés, and was unbiased and  meritocratic. At scale.  Get on Board is the  biggest tech  recruitment platform  in Latin-America.   For remote and co- located positions.  5We are revolutionizing tech recruiting by   creating the unified ecosystem that is missing.  Sourcing   Get candidates   Tracking   Manage the process   Screening   Assess/choose best   candidates  We leverage our deep  knowledge about skills and  performance of 130,000  candidates to offer unbiased  screening and high-quality  matching based on real skills,  not CVs.  React / JS Developer Senior  REACT JAVASCRIPT REST API  Best matching candidates  Diego Ramos  94% MATCH  REACT JAVASCRIPT REST API  Esther González  92% MATCH  REACT JAVASCRIPT REST API  Alberto San Martín91% MATCHREACTJAVASCRIPTRESTAPIOur platform, and the tools  we built for recruiters and  candidates, give us millions  of data points in 450,000+  applications.   Esther González  Applied to    Developer  Disqualified: Did not pass technical interview  Diego Ramos  Ranked 63 / 98  Applied to     Developer  Ranked 63 / 98  Disqualified: Did not pass technical interview  Applied to   React/Node Full-stack  Ranked 5 / 215  Applied to   React/Node Full-stack  Ranked 5 / 215  Progressed to final stage, company chose another candidate  Progressed to final stage, company chose another candidate  Applied to   React Engineer  Ranked 1 / 144  Applied to   React Engineer  Ranked 1 / 144  Hired 3 months ago  Hired 3 months ago  Applied to   Front-end Engineer  Ranked 2 of 105  Applied to    Ranked 2 of 105  Front-end Engineer  We understand how  candidates rank in relation to  specific technologies and  abilities as companies in our  platform evaluate them.   This gives us unique insights on  talent performance that  neither Linkedin nor Indeed  have.  Match with JavaScript (Semi-senior): 89%  Ranked 4.1 by Goodwaves  Esther González  Ranked 5.0 by Diagblock  Progressed in Goodwaves process “Selected” phase  Disqualified in ParrotBot process Reason: Failed tests  Hired in Goodwaves process  Disqualified in HumanKind process Reason: Exceeds salary range  Ranked 5.0 by HumanKind  +3  +4  +1  -3  +6  +0  +4  The revolution already started.    In Latin America.   110% YoY revenue growth in 2019.   1,500 paying customers.  8,000 hires made to date.  10Tech pros love us because we care about them.  We curate jobs  for quality  Awesome job- finding experience  Spotlight on startups  and remote jobs  We are part of the  tech ecosystem  11Companies love us because we deliver.  Fast sourcing of   relevant candidates  Unique access to a  regional talent pool  Savings in   recruiter fees  12 “Unrivaled.”   — Telefónica I+D Chile  14Our product-pricing tiers  Concierge: Recruiting service Get on Board’s expert-vetted tech recruitment. Success fee of  10% annual salary.  PILOTS  Subscription plans Yearly subscription plans, with access to posting jobs and  search our Talent Database.  LAUNCHED  Pay-as-you-go job posts Packs of individual job postings (no Talent Database access) for small  companies.  LAUNCHED  TICKET Success fee  $3k-8k per hire  TICKET $1k-7k  Yearly subscription  TICKET $149-2599  one-time payment  15Future is  remote.  16🏢 ➡ 👨👩🦱👩🦰🧔👱👨🦱   Less money on real estate, more money on talent.   No more hiring by proximity to a building.   A truly global footprint.  We can help North American companies kickstart    their remote workforces.    We are unlocking a whole new talent pool of 130,000 remote   professionals, in the same time zone, that was previously   impossible to reach.  We’ve been working remotely for years.  We have vast experience building startups, teams and digital   products, and helping startups and big companies embrace digital.   15+  20+  Sergio Nouvel   Co-Founder & CEO  15+ years exp as entrepreneur,  UX  consultant, lecturer and designer   Co-founded Continuum Peru branch and as   CEO, grew it to 500K yearly revenue   Former contractor for McKinsey Digital Labs  Jorge Rodríguez   Co-Founder & CTO  20+ years exp as entrepreneur & polyglot (8   languages!) dev    Founded Continuum, a 2M global yearly revenue   consulting firm with branches in 3 countries  Former contractor for McKinsey Digital Labs  20Our next milestone:   Accelerate our expansion into the US market  from the company side, and consolidate our  position in Latin-America from the talent side.  21We are prepared to continue   growing and advancing    the future of work.   Unbiased, meritocratic, and remote.   Partner with us.  Sergio Nouvel  Co-Founder & CEO    